hello everyone here jojo the
today I will explain
how to make money easily
quickly free and legally
with his iphone ipod touch ipad ipad
mini jack black is or not with
the application to same botti it is only used to
nothing to go on the app store
because this application is available
only in web apps so watch the
entire video to install it as
it is necessary and especially to understand the
principle of application
precisely we will talk to the principle of
bounty she will offer you
download free applications
available on the app store in
downloading you will win
credits the number of credits can
change according to the applications 300 200
100 and by accumulating these points you
will be able to expenses and as
that gift or money we will return all
on time now I'm going to you
show how successful we are going to go
in safari and you're going to type in the
search bar
a net point bounty we will press
get started we will ask for a code
you're going to gel 67 with a j
capital letter for the first letter
it's very important because thanks to
me you will get automatically
free 50 credits on your account
after that we will add this webapp
on the springboard like that you'll have it
always on you then we will support the
middle down on safari
we will choose the application a valve
common lomé
he's named and pressed on added on
will go into the application and we will
simply download our
first application by going into the
part offers we will impose just
for the first time to download
this first application after do you
do not worry we will have access to all
other applications and in general there
a lot of them are added by the
next we will go on this application
and we will press go to appstore and
we will be redirected directly to
the app store to download this
application and I remind you
still all proposed applications
by a bounty are all free
when the application is downloaded we will
open it and for the cheek
credit is done with as bounty it
just have to stay about 30
seconds in the application and after by
following you will be able to delete
this app it will have no
problem at that level let's go back in
succeeded and you see I have my credits
which have been added we will
then ask if I want to have
information on a bounty you go
put your mail and press this
myth
let's go into the rewards menu so that's
for offers or precisely here you
will be able to spend your credit there
be aware that offers change
depending on the country and that there will be
will be added later
currently we are offered maps
itunes amazon money and points
xbox 360 but in the future we can
for example have money that paypal
has transformed with this credit for example
I have more than 5500 credit
represents about 20 downloads
of applications it takes less than 20
minutes and I can buy a card
itunes of 10 euros we will do the test
i will take the itunes card of 10
euros and now what I need
do is wait a day for
have this code itunes to follow
the progress of our codes we are going to the commodities
was my cause and there you are going to have
all the information about the codes
you bought and there you have to
I'm waiting for my card
itunes
a day later I finally have my
code that I'm going to be able to use for
can now spend the
music on itunes or download
apps on the app store
you see it works very well
not to share this trick a little
everywhere on social networks
in any case I wish you to
have a good day or a good day
evening I tell you to the next hi
m